_pages/coaching.md, before:

---
draft: false
categories: []
uuid: 03607454-7f76-4258-8e8c-56365a286d57
layout: page
title: Coaching
id: 375
tags: []
footer: true
order: 8
---

# Start Your Autoimmune Management Journey

I help you move from being overwhelmed by symptoms to managing them with a proven, data-driven lifestyle strategy. Whether you are just starting or need advanced refinement, we will build a plan that fits your life.

## 30-Minute Intro Call
**Cost:** Free
This is a no-pressure call to see if we are a good fit. We will discuss your current struggles and I will explain how my coaching methodology works.
[Schedule your free call here](https://calendar.app.google/iLnvkgBp3pSbihq27)

---

## Single Consultation Call
**Duration:** 60 minutes
**Cost:** 60 EUR
Perfect for specific questions or troubleshooting a current flare-up.
1. [Secure your payment here (Paypal)](https://paypal.me/factastichealth)
2. [Schedule your time slot here](https://calendar.app.google/iLnvkgBp3pSbihq27)

---

## Coaching Packages

### 5 Sessions: The Fundamentals
**Cost:** 270 EUR
We will establish your baseline, identify your primary food and stress triggers, and implement the core pillars of the Factastic Health protocol.
1. [Purchase Package (Paypal)](https://paypal.me/factastichealth)
2. [Schedule your first session](https://calendar.app.google/iLnvkgBp3pSbihq27)

### 10 Sessions: Advanced Strategy & Accountability
**Cost:** 510 EUR
For deep transformation. We cover refined nutrition, advanced tracking, fasting protocols (if applicable), and mental resilience tools to ensure long-term remission.
1. [Purchase Package (Paypal)](https://paypal.me/factastichealth)
2. [Schedule your first session](https://calendar.app.google/iLnvkgBp3pSbihq27)

---

## Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)

<details>
<summary>Is this coaching only for Ankylosing Spondylitis (AS)?</summary>
No. While our personal expertise comes from managing AS, the principles of reducing the atack of the immune system to our own body, reducing inflamation with gut health, stress management and movement apply to most autoimmune conditions (like Rheumatoid arthritis, Lupus, Hashimoto’s, Psoriasis, etc.). We focus on the *drivers* of inflammation, which are often similar across different diagnoses.
</details>
<details>
<summary>Do I have to be vegan/plant-based to work with you?</summary>
I strongly advocate for a Whole-Food Plant-Based (WFPB) approach because it was the key to my own remission. However, I meet you where you are. We will focus on adding nutrient-dense foods and removing inflammatory triggers. We move at a pace that is sustainable for you.
</details>
<details>
<summary>Are you a doctor?</summary>
No. I am a health coach and a patient expert. I do not diagnose diseases, prescribe medication, or treat injuries. I provide strategy, accountability, and lifestyle education. I work *alongside* your medical team. You should never stop medication without consulting your physician.
</details>
<details>
<summary>What happens in a coaching session?</summary>
We don't just "chat." We work. We review your symptom logs, analyze your food diary, and look for patterns between your lifestyle and your pain levels. You will leave every session with clear, actionable homework for the week ahead.
</details>
<details>
<summary>How do you handle my data and privacy?</summary>
Your privacy is paramount, especially regarding health data.
*   **Storage:** Client notes and data are stored using encrypted, industry-standard secure protocols.
*   **Deletion:** If you ever wish to leave the program, you can request the immediate and permanent deletion of your data, and we will comply locally.
</details>
<details>
<summary>Can I remain anonymous?</summary>
Yes. I understand that some high-profile clients or professionals prefer to keep their health challenges private. If you wish to work under a pseudonym or require a specific non-disclosure agreement (NDA), please contact me before booking. We can arrange alternative payment methods to protect your identity.
</details>
<details>
<summary>What if I need to cancel or reschedule?</summary>
Life happens. You can reschedule a session up to 24 hours in advance via the calendar link in your confirmation email. Sessions cancelled with less than 24 hours' notice may be forfeited.
</details>
<details>
<summary>I am ready. How do I start?</summary>
The best way is to book the **Free 30-Minute Intro Call** above. We will discuss your goals and choose the package that fits your needs.
</details>

Commit message:

remove old subscription form and integrate emailoctopus newsletter script

_pages/coaching.md, after:

---
draft: false
categories: []
uuid: 03607454-7f76-4258-8e8c-56365a286d57
layout: page
title: Coaching
id: 375
tags: []
footer: true
order: 8
---

# Start Your Autoimmune Management Journey

I help you move from being overwhelmed by symptoms to managing them with a proven, data-driven lifestyle strategy. Whether you are just starting or need advanced refinement, we will build a plan that fits your life.

## 30-Minute Intro Call
**Cost:** Free
This is a no-pressure call to see if we are a good fit. We will discuss your current struggles and I will explain how my coaching methodology works.
[Schedule your free call here](https://calendar.app.google/iLnvkgBp3pSbihq27)


---

## Single Consultation Call
**Duration:** 60 minutes
**Cost:** 60 EUR
Perfect for specific questions or troubleshooting a current flare-up.
1. [Make your payment here (Paypal)](https://paypal.me/factastichealth)
2. [Schedule your time slot here](https://calendar.app.google/iLnvkgBp3pSbihq27)

---

## Coaching Packages

### 5 Sessions: The Fundamentals
**Cost:** 270 EUR
We will establish your baseline, identify your primary food and stress triggers, and implement the core pillars of the Factastic Health protocol.
1. [Purchase Package (Paypal)](https://paypal.me/factastichealth)
2. [Schedule your first session](https://calendar.app.google/iLnvkgBp3pSbihq27)

### 10 Sessions: Advanced Strategy & Accountability
**Cost:** 510 EUR
For deep transformation. We cover refined nutrition, advanced tracking, fasting protocols (if applicable), and mental resilience tools to ensure long-term remission.
1. [Purchase Package (Paypal)](https://paypal.me/factastichealth)
2. [Schedule your first session](https://calendar.app.google/iLnvkgBp3pSbihq27)

## You want to think about it? 
#### Enter your Email and we will send you some free guides and information
 {% include newsletter.html %}
---

## Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)

<details>
<summary>Is this coaching only for Ankylosing Spondylitis (AS)?</summary>
No. While our personal expertise comes from managing AS, the principles of reducing the atack of the immune system to our own body, reducing inflamation with gut health, stress management and movement apply to most autoimmune conditions (like Rheumatoid arthritis, Lupus, Hashimoto’s, Psoriasis, etc.). We focus on the *drivers* of inflammation, which are often similar across different diagnoses.
</details>
<details>
<summary>Do I have to be vegan/plant-based to work with you?</summary>
I strongly advocate for a Whole-Food Plant-Based (WFPB) approach because it was the key to my own remission. However, I meet you where you are. We will focus on adding nutrient-dense foods and removing inflammatory triggers. We move at a pace that is sustainable for you.
</details>
<details>
<summary>Are you a doctor?</summary>
No. I am a health coach and a patient expert. I do not diagnose diseases, prescribe medication, or treat injuries. I provide strategy, accountability, and lifestyle education. I work *alongside* your medical team. You should never stop medication without consulting your physician.
</details>
<details>
<summary>What happens in a coaching session?</summary>
We don't just "chat." We work. We review your symptom logs, analyze your food diary, and look for patterns between your lifestyle and your pain levels. You will leave every session with clear, actionable homework for the week ahead.
</details>
<details>
<summary>How do you handle my data and privacy?</summary>
Your privacy is paramount, especially regarding health data.
*   **Storage:** Client notes and data are stored using encrypted, industry-standard secure protocols.
*   **Deletion:** If you ever wish to leave the program, you can request the immediate and permanent deletion of your data, and we will comply locally.
</details>
<details>
<summary>Can I remain anonymous?</summary>
Yes. I understand that some high-profile clients or professionals prefer to keep their health challenges private. If you wish to work under a pseudonym or require a specific non-disclosure agreement (NDA), please contact me before booking. We can arrange alternative payment methods to protect your identity.
</details>
<details>
<summary>What if I need to cancel or reschedule?</summary>
Life happens. You can reschedule a session up to 24 hours in advance via the calendar link in your confirmation email. Sessions cancelled with less than 24 hours' notice may be forfeited.
</details>
<details>
<summary>I am ready. How do I start?</summary>
The best way is to book the **Free 30-Minute Intro Call** above. We will discuss your goals and choose the package that fits your needs.
</details>
